```

 __________.__                     .__
 \______   \__| ____  __ __  _____ |__|
  |    |  _/  |/    \|  |  \/     \|  |
  |    |   \  |   |  \  |  /  Y Y  \  |
  |______  /__|___|  /____/|__|_|  /__|
         \/        \/            \/

```

A set of [Moodle](http://moodle.org) plugins that integrate with
[Binumi](http://binumi.com).

Designed to work with Moodle 2.4+. Tested and compatible up to Moodle v3.4.2.

## Overview ##
These plugins provide a rich set of Moodle-Binumi integrations using LMS-LTI
to connect with your Binumi site without having to leave Moodle.

## Binumi Moodle Plugins ##

**Local** `(local/binumi)`

* Provides LTI integration libraries and configuration setup that is used
by the other plugins.

**Filter** `(filter/binumi)`

* Transforms the video URLs generated by the
TinyMCE and Repository plugins into Binumi's embedded media player.

**TinyMce** `(lib/editor/tinymce/plugins/binumi)`

* Provides a rich
integration with Binumi, allowing you to launch the "Binumi Chooser" from
a custom button added to every TinyMCE editor.

**Atto Editor** `(lib/editor/atto/plugins/binumi)`

* Provides a rich
integration with Binumi, allowing you to launch the "Binumi Chooser" from
a custom button added to every Atto editor.

## Plugin Installation/Upgrade ##

### Installation ###

For the first installation, please navigate to: `Site administration -> Plugins -> Install plugins`
and install those zip files in folder `release/latest-version` by sequence:

* local_binumi.zip
* filter_binumi.zip
* atto_binumi.zip
* blocks_binumi.zip

### Upgrade ###

Upgrading the Binumi plugin is done by copying the following folders into
the correct Moodle directories.

* Copy `local/binumi` into `path/to/your/moodle/local/`
* Copy `filters/binumi` into `path/to/your/moodle/filters/`

#### Moodle 2.3: ####
* Copy `lib/editor/tinymce/binumi` **into** `path/to/your/moodle/lib/editor/tinymce/tiny_mce/{version}/plugins/`

#### Moodle 2.4: ####
* Copy `lib/editor/tinymce/plugins/binumi` **into**
  `path/to/your/moodle/lib/editor/tinymce/plugins/`

#### Moodle 2.7+: ####
* Copy `lib/editor/atto/plugins/binumi` **into**
  `path/to/your/moodle/lib/editor/atto/plugins/`


To finalize the installation you will need to navigate to: `Site administration
-> Notifications` and click "Check for available updates". Click "Upgrade
Moodle database now" to complete this step.

You may be asked to enter any new configuration settings as well.

It's always a good idea to purge the Moodle caches after this step as well :)

## Base Plugins Configuration ##

### Local Binumi package config: ###

To hook your Binumi site into Moodle you must navigate to: `Site
administration -> Plugins -> Local plugins -> Binumi package config` and enter:

* The `hostname` of Binumi site (i.e. binumi.com).
* The name of your `lti consumer key` (this must match a valid LTI consumer in
  Binumi site)
* The secret of your `lti shared secret` (this also must match the secret in the
  LTI consumer above)

### Filter configuration setup: ###

In order for videos to display in Moodle, you must enable the Binumi Filter.
This can be turned on by navigating to: `Site administration -> Plugins ->
Filters -> Manage Filters` and selecting `On` from drop down menu in the
`active` column next to 'Binumi media filter'.

## Text Editor Plugins Configuration ##

### TinyMCE Rich text editor plugin config: ###

#### Moodle 2.3: ####

1. Move the `editor_plugin.js` file from `/lib/editor/tinymce/plugins/binumi/tinymce` to `lib/editor/tinymce/tiny_mce/{version}/plugins/binumi/` and **rename** it to `editor_plugin_src.js`.
2. Then, delete the `/lib/editor/tinymce/plugins/binumi/tinymce` directory.
3. Now we need to let Moodle know about the Binumi TinyMCE plugin. Open:
    `/path/to/moodle/lib/editor/tinymce/lib.php`

4. At the bottom of the `get_init_params` function, just above `return $params`, add the following lines of code:

    ~~~~~~~
    //for binumi
    if (class_exists('binumi_client', true /* autoload */)) {
        $binumi_client = new binumi_client();
        $params = $binumi_client->configure_tinymce_lib_params($filters, $params);
    }
    ~~~~~~~

#### Moodle 2.4+: ####

* Once the `lib/editor/tinymce/plugins/binumi` directory is in place, plugin configuration is automatic.

### Atto Rich text editor plugin config: ###

#### Moodle 2.7+: ####

* Go to `http://your.moodle/admin/settings.php?section=editorsettingsatto` and add a new line containing `binumi = binumi`. Put this line in the location that you want the plugin button to appear in the editor. See [Text Editor Toolbar Settings](http://docs.moodle.org/27/en/Text_editor#Toolbar_settings) on how to fine tune Atto's toolbar to your liking.

## Troubleshooting Plugins  ##

To do a clean install we recommend you remove any old versions
of the Binumi plugin from your Moodle install. This is done by removing the
following directories, if they exist:

* `path/to/moodle/local/binumi`
* `path/to/moodle/repository/binumi`
* `path/to/moodle/filters/binumi`

#### Moodle 2.3: ####
* `path/to/moodle/lib/editor/tinymce/tiny_mce/{version}/plugins/binumi`

#### Moodle 2.4+: ####
* `path/to/moodle/lib/editor/tinymce/plugins/binumi`

#### Moodle 2.7+: ####
* `path/to/moodle/lib/editor/atto/plugins/binumi`

You will also need to Navigate to: `Site administration ->
Plugins -> Plugins Overview` and **uninstall** the following Binumi plugin code
from the Moodle database:

* `filter_binumi`
* `atto_binumi`
* `tinymce_binumi`
* `local_binumi`

** Note: any previous Moodle/Binumi settings will be removed when you delete
  or upgrade the Binumi plugin **

Once any old versions have been removed, you can retry the installation steps above.
